# A Cloud Education Evaluation Scheme Based on Privacy Protection Combined  with Micro-expression and Face KeyPoint Detection

This is a brand-new Cloud Education Evaluation Scheme based on some cool, new technology like AU-detection, Landmark-detection and some privacy-protection algorithm😉

## Abstract
According to the observation of students' daily class habits and the investigation of existing online teaching platforms, it can be found that the existing solutions lack the evaluation of students' concentration in class. For this reason, some platforms have also launched the function of turning on the camera in real time, but their lack of attention to data encryption protection has also brought about major privacy issues, resulting in data leakage. This solution detects facial action units (FAU, facial action unit) by using neural network, obtains micro-expression classification (concentration, confusion, etc.) and detects 68 facial key points to judge facial actions (such as yawning, sleeping), etc. To comprehensively and real-time judge a student's learning situation and use algorithms such as block Fourier transform to obtain a noisy face image to protect the privacy of students. In the end, teachers and parents can obtain quantitative evaluation indicators of students in real time during online classes, so as to solve the challenge of evaluating students' concentration in class.

## Intro
  With the rapid development of information-based artificial intelligence and metaverse technology, coupled with some limitations of on-site teaching, such as resource sharing of famous teachers in different places and the emergence of metaverse virtual classrooms, online classrooms will be an important direction of education in the future. What's more, online education is a future trend due to AI and metaverse technology. To teach students according to their abilities and interests, teachers need to know their real-time learning status. Concentration is a key factor that affects learning outcomes. Traditional methods of measuring concentration are not timely or accurate. Therefore, we need an AI-based method that can evaluate students’ concentration for the whole class and the whole process.
  Online education platforms use real-time camera to detect concentration, but they don’t protect data encryption and cause privacy issues. Existing solutions are either expensive, inaccurate, or lack liveness detection and privacy protection. As a student, this project is also troubled by these problems, so it wants to change the status quo through technological means. At the same time, according to the survey of this program, among the many existing online classroom solutions, only 360 OS AI has proposed a relatively complete solution for classroom concentration, but it requires certain professional equipment, such as 3D cameras and eye trackers. etc., are expensive and not suitable for popularization; and for some common online classroom concentration detection solutions, they only need 2D image information to realize facial expression detection, but the detection accuracy is not good, lack of liveness detection ability and More accurate three-dimensional information; the single detection index makes it impossible to accurately trace back the real-time learning situation; there is no suitable privacy protection measure, which leads to the leakage of student information and privacy leakage.
  In fact, the evaluation of students' class status is a more subjective problem, and it is also a higher-level problem. The existing machine learning algorithms are more advantageous in solving low-level tasks, such as classification, segmentation, and detection. This also means that this solution has no way to manually mark a collected picture data set, what is the score of the student's class status, and use the neural network to fit this classification or regression task. Therefore, after solving the privacy problem, this solution needs to focus on this problem: how to use the quantitative indicators given by machine learning to give stereotyped result analysis.
  In the field of deep learning, there are many techniques for editing face attributes and operating face technology. Such as face detection, face key point detection, micro-expression recognition, expression recognition, and other editing, modification, and generation technologies. If this solution considers using expression recognition directly, then there is no way to cover the state of class. Because although there are a series of overlaps in the evaluation systems of the two, they stand on different definition platforms. Here is a simple example. For example, happiness as an expression cannot reflect the state of class. Because he may be happy when he understands the knowledge, or he may be happy when he is playing secretly. Therefore, this program conducts a comprehensive analysis of students' concentration from multiple dimensions, namely, the learning emotions that reflect students' interests, and the facial posture that reflects students' attention. Through appropriate artificial learning algorithms and multi-dimensional information fusion algorithms and privacy. The combination of protection algorithms realizes the comprehensive evaluation of students' concentration.
